i would say this week has been the
busiest week i've had at work so far
guys i am so tired it's a friday morning
and oh my god this week has just been so
busy with work the hours i've been
working have been
long and ridiculous and the irony of me
saying last a video
oh a work-life balance is definitely
necessary for me
and then me just not having a work-life
balance this week
i don't even know what happened because
leading up to this week it was fine
i was sometimes working past my normal
seven hour day
but not by a long way but this week i'm
not even going to tell you what time i
was up to last night but
it was late and the night before that
it's just a really busy time of year
we've got
year end all these statements of
actuarial opinion are going to be
submitted soon
we've got all these reserve reviews and
tight timelines to get them
churned out the senior people go oh i
want to review this first thing tomorrow
morning and suddenly
me and the more junior people find
ourselves up until
ungodly hours trying to process all the
data
for senior people to look through and
make selections
it's just oh i think when you're working
from home the lines get
blurred between when you should be
working and when you should be taking
time off
because my working setup is literally in
my house but today guys is a study day i
have a tutorial today so it's fully
booked off
work that means i'm not even gonna turn
on my work laptop
i do not want people messaging me if i
turn that laptop on people are gonna
message me
and i am not working today i don't care
if there's stuff to do for my client
project
i need to study and i am tired i've
worked so much for my client
projects this week anything else that i
can help with can wait until
monday i've got another statistics
tutorial today
it's my fifth one i think i don't even
know what it's on i haven't even
prepared for it
really bad i know i'm just a
disorganized mess this week
i've just had some nutella on toast to
make me feel better this morning and try
giving me some energy
i now need to run have a
shower set up my laptop for my tutorial
it's just a really busy day it's a busy
morning and i should have got up earlier
and got going earlier but i didn't
because i like my sleep
okay here's the desk this morning my
normal work monitor laptop push the side
we're not doing any of this today
no thank you here i've got my tutorial
set up
i am just about to enter the room it's
like a chat room thing i've got
one minute we can see there and then
here i've got some paper
here this is an assignment i actually
need to put away and this
is my folder of other notes which i'm
probably going to use today
[Music]
okay my tutorial is finished um this is
the aftermath
of the tutorial what an absolute mess my
desk is but
i can't be bothered to tidy it at the
moment in the tutorial we literally just
covered hypothesis testing and
i'm kind of familiar with it so it was
okay
i've also roped my sister into doing a
live study stream with me this afternoon
so that's to look forward to that will
hopefully keep me focused
now i think we're all my mom my sister
and i
gonna take our dog out for a walk my
sister is a university student but she's
currently studying at home because of a
pandemic
and my mom has the day off today so we
are all heading out
and buster you know he doesn't have a
job he's always here
it's a rather fresh day we'll put it
that way
blue sky but incredibly chilly
pleased to be getting some pressure is
hungry
comments are pleased to be getting some
fresh air and i just want to get back
i'm hungry
says lydia okay peeps lydia's getting a
little bit hangry we're now
sorting that situation out by getting us
some food
today my friends we are having some brie
on crackers this is the breed that i
bought for myself which everyone else
has helped themselves to
let's do a little interview lydia
what are you studying
human sciences are you enjoying it
it's all right do you know what you want
to do after university
get a job she wants to get a job that is
always a good start
so what kind of job do you think you
will enjoy
netflix series and tester what's your
favorite series on netflix
[Music]
she doesn't know her favorite series on
netflix this is a question that keeps
lydia up at night
how are you finding bridgeton oh yeah
you finished it
lydia has a skill like she started
bridgette and when last week
my mum and i i think are gonna start
watching this evening
goodbye to the vlog now continue eating
food um you know
maybe stay tuned for another installment
in paige's interview series
afternoon everyone so this is where my
sister is supposed to be
we said 2 30 we would start our live
study stream
and where is she oh she's not here lydia
going live in three two
one we're live
hi everybody so today we're going to be
doing a live
study stream what do you have to say for
yourself well
i was wearing a different jumper and i
just didn't like it
i don't actually like the video oh we
actually i was just messing with you
i wanted to see you panicked and running
in
[Music]
have we done an hour i think it's been
an hour we started a bit late doesn't
time fly when you're having
fun we're gonna finish it here thank you
for joining guys
[Music]
um hello vlog it's dinner time
apparently what are we eating
[Music]
i'm not satisfied because i feel like i
haven't done enough studying yet today
but the thing is yeah like this week
i've been up so late
other nights working that i just don't
have the energy in me
oh wow she's downloading the sun with
that that needs to be in the other room
did you pay full price yeah oh i got the
sims 4
on offer for five pounds the other week
and i was like yes what a deal
and lydia dilly dallied and bought it
when it was 35 pounds
i really fancy playing sims
[Music]
okay drawing up is done now it is time
to watch bridgeton i believe are we
ready
yeah here we go here's buster who is um
sitting in your city in my seat at the
moment uh buster you're gonna have to
move
he's talking about absolutely nothing
guys i am
so tired we watched bridgeton first
episode
then we watched would i lie to you then
we watched
not going out at this point i'm gonna go
get in
my pajamas i might read a bit and then
go to sleep and i'm not gonna set an
alarm for tomorrow morning because
it's a saturday and i really need to
catch up on sleep
every evening buster is always really
tired look at him
okay
good morning vlog so is it even actually
still morning
sis what time is it
this morning i have been planning out
some content for a piece of brand work
that i'm doing
i am very excited that i'm working with
dell on some instagram
work so i need to actually go
shoot that now just had lunch i've shot
my doll content i'm just getting changed
because i think i'm gonna go for a dog
walk with my dad
and obviously my dog welcome to my very
pink room
i would paint it again but i'm moving
out soon
hopefully so i just i can't be bothered
to redecorate but it's just my childhood
in a room really
we're going to tidy this later today
this room
is being tidied it will happen
my life at the minute is literally eat
sleep dog walk
repeat hi everybody
so i am just getting out my work laptop
and logging on not to do work because
don't be silly it's a saturday
just to fill out my timesheet because i
haven't submitted it yet this week and
the deadline is tonight at midnight
we have to fill out a timesheet every
week because
they need to track which client we're
doing work for
so that the company knows how much to
bill each client
thing is with timesheets right for me
they're really fiddly because i find i
work on so many different things
during one week there's so many
different codes i have to build things
to
so many different task codes it's quite
important that we fill in our timesheets
accurately
just because it is literally what the
company bills the client and also when
you're a more junior analyst
you get set objectives to reach a set
number of billable hours in the year
so obviously it's in my best interest to
build all the
hours that i work don't want to be
missing out on the benefits of all the
work i've been doing
i need to log on to the vpn
[Music]
okay i'm in my bedroom i said earlier i
was gonna tidy this room have i tried
it yet no am i going to tidy it now yes
because
if i don't do it now i will just get
tired for the rest of the evening and
it's just going to remain a pit and we
do not want that so
tidy bedroom ma i'm tidying my room are
you proud of me what do you mean i tied
in my room the whole time
yeah oh this is the book i'm reading at
the moment by the way
a discovery of witches who's it by again
deborah harkness
rather a big book um around 700 pages
um but we are getting through it i've
got about 200 pages to go
and i'm enjoying it it's got vampires
it's got witches it's got demons
and there's a bit of historical stuff in
there a little bit of science thrown in
and i've got the whole trilogy so lots
of reading to do
okay let's get tidying
okay so i made some progress on my room
i mean
there's still a few bits on the floor
but all in all a lot better than it was
before
i did get a bit distracted midway
through tidying because i just suddenly
wanted to tidy up my bookcase
and so i just kept taking all the books
out of my bookcase and rearranging them
here it is i was thinking actually a lot
of people have asked for a bookcase tour
and as i was looking through i was like
oh that book
and oh the memories of that book and i
thought actually
it could be quite fun to do a bookcase
tour so might do that soon
our takeaway has just arrived we're
having indian takeaway this evening
so i'm gonna head down and eat
[Music]
hi vlog so i'm about to go for a run
basically we've been trying to do couch
to 5k
but we've started halfway through
because ma did it a bit last year
i did she's doing couch to 5k in a year
at this point
and i have i i mean i've ran on and off
so we didn't really need to start from
the beginning but meet week five
we're on week five i think i did just
over 3k
the other day and that was a push i need
to
get myself a bit fitter this morning i
have just been
reading my book for a while i rearranged
the apps on my phone
okay we're going we're going okay
hello everyone so i have had a shower
i've had my lunch and now i have brought
through
a massive stack of folders
and work i was just at a bit of a loose
end of what
to do and i thought well you know what
i've actually got quite a lot of studies
to do
and it's got to the point where i really
need to be studying
in my weekends and in my evenings as
well my exams
are march april time i'm not even sure
but
not that far away and i only get one
study day per week and realistically i
am not going to get all of the practice
i need in that time
so i just want to be super prepared
going into it so i don't have a last
minute
stress before i get started with that
though i actually wanted to fill out
my diary now this was a christmas
present
and i absolutely love it i did find
though towards the end of last year
my diary got depressingly empty
just because in look down you're not
doing much life isn't that exciting at
the moment so i thought having a diary
and having nothing to write in it could
be a bit depressing but
i've got one as a symbol of hope i am
optimistic that
towards the end of this year it's going
to get better i'm going to get full use
out of this diary hopefully we're midway
through january
haven't written in it yet so i want to
fill out people's birthdays and all that
[Music]
hi so i did a bit of studying but now i
deserve a treat so
i'm having a hot chocolate my milk is
ready this was actually a gift that i
got
for christmas i thought they were all
the same but there's like salted caramel
chocolate fudge and marshmallow i'm so
excited
[Music]
all right no exaggeration here i think
this is quite possibly
the best hot chocolate i have ever
tasted
oh my god it is divine i'm gonna
use this to power me through the rest of
my studies today
[Music]
good morning everyone so i've just got
to my desk
i have just logged on it's a monday
morning
i'm not a big fan of the starts of the
week but
as far as mondays go i don't feel too
bad this monday i think it's because my
study day was on a friday
last week so it feels a bit like i've
had a long
weekend the plan right now first thing
this morning
is to just go through my emails because
it's a busy inbox
obviously i've got all my emails from
friday to look through as well
there's going to be some action points
so i'm going to take a note of those and
just work
through them hi so i'm about an hour and
a half into the day
and i've been given lots of work to do
we love it basically we have a whole
set of new data and as i am chief
data processor on my project that is
what
i am doing so i am just transferring it
through to the files
that need the data flowing into it we
were supposed to be delivering to the
client today
it's now been delayed until tomorrow
hopefully
delivering tomorrow i'm hoping today
isn't going to be
a late night at least i know tomorrow if
we're delivering tomorrow
tomorrow night will definitely not be a
late night but there's
a number of files to update and quite a
long to-do list
so i've just had a call with one of my
colleagues who has like told me the
first things i need to get on with but
i'm gonna have to quickly get this done
go back to her
get my next assignment
[Music]
hello everyone so i haven't spoken to
you
in a while not since this morning i
don't think like
i don't know where the day's gone to be
honest i just get so wrapped up in my
work
that it actually went quite quickly
which i suppose is quite nice for a
monday
i secretly quite enjoy it when i'm busy
because it just means i get to have
loads
and loads of calls with people and the
day is just slightly less
lonely slash boring because there's
loads of people to interact with
throughout the day
i'm quite pleased as well because it is
only ten past six quarter past six i
think
and i'm finished i'm logging off and
that is quite a good time to finish
these days i am going to end this vlog
here
i hope you enjoyed the video links to my
socials are in the descriptions if you
want to see more from me
remember to give the video a like and
subscribe to my channel
and i'll see you soon with another video
[Music]
bye
you